Preparing for Plugin Development - changes to improve readability (#3877)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/tutorial/prepare.adoc

== Download and install a JDK

// TIMEBASED
Jenkins is based on Java, so to build Jenkins plugins you need to install a Java Development Kit (JDK).
Recent Jenkins releases require JDK 8 to run, so that's what we're using in this tutorial.

> You can download and install JDK 8 from link:https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/[the Oracle website].

Reviewer: Since we're modifying this file already, would you be willing to replace the Oracle reference with a link to one of the Java Development Kits that don't have commercial use restrictions.
``suggestion
You can download and install JDK 8 from https://adoptopenjdk.net/[Adoptium], https://docs.aws.amazon.com/corretto/latest/corretto-8-ug/downloads-list.html[Amazon Corretto]. or the https://developers.redhat.com/products/openjdk/download[Red Hat build of OpenJDK].
Other JDK 8 implementations are also known to work with Jenkins.
```

Author: "...[Amazon Corretto]. or the ..." --> It seems that there's a **period** here, but there should be a **comma** "...[Amazon Corretto], or the ..."

NOTE: Many Linux distributions provide packages for Oracle JDK or OpenJDK JDK for an easier install and upgrade experience.
Consult your distribution's documentation for details.

> To check if you have JKD already installed, run `javac -version` on a command prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check if you have the JDK already installed, run `java -version` on a command prompt.
```

=== IntelliJ IDEA
IntelliJ 7.0 (or later) users can load pom.xml directly from IDE, and you should see all the source code of libraries and Jenkins core all the way to the bottom. Consider installing the IntelliJ IDEA plugin for Stapler to make the development easier.

> Alternatively, empty create a new Maven project using Create from archetype and Add an Archetype. Select the GroupId and ArtifactId as above, and choose RELEASE as version. On the next screen, select io.jenkins.plugins as groupID and choose an artifactId (Project name) and Version to your liking. This will automatically create a maven project based on the specified artifact (for example, empty-plugin).

Reviewer: I think the word "empty" is misleading here.  The archetype intentionally provides something that is not empty but is a simple example that can be used as a basis for development.
```suggestion
Alternatively, create a new Maven project using **Create from archetype** and **Add an Archetype**. Select the GroupId and ArtifactId as above, and choose RELEASE as version. On the next screen, select io.jenkins.plugins as groupID and choose an artifactId (Project name) and Version to your liking. This will automatically create a maven project based on the specified artifact (for example, empty-plugin).
```
